chore: export FPD without bbn chain (#286)
babylonchain/finality-provider: docs/phase-1/finality-provider.md

> # Finality Provider

Reviewer: Let's wrap `.md` files to 80 char lines.

Reviewer: Also, don't think this should be underneath a `phase-1` folder. The new functionality is about exporting finality provider information, doesn't have anything to do with the phase. Would also recommend renaming the file to `finality-provider-export.md`

Author: done at https://github.com/babylonchain/finality-provider/pull/286/commits/7f9dadbaaf625ad9e3473a7195b2e1c96399444a

> Finality providers are responsible for voting at a finality round on top of CometBFT. Similar to any native PoS validator, a finality provider can receive voting power delegations from BTC stakers, and can earn commission from the staking rewards denominated in Babylon tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finality providers are responsible for voting at a finality round on top of CometBFT that is powered by BTC stake.
Similar to any native PoS validator, a finality provider can receive voting power delegations from BTC stakers, and through their voting power provide economic security to the underlying PoS protocol.

In this document,
we explore how someone can create a finality provider and export details about it in JSON format.
```

Author: https://github.com/babylonchain/finality-provider/pull/286/commits/7f9dadbaaf625ad9e3473a7195b2e1c96399444a

## Requirements

- [eotsd](https://github.com/babylonchain/finality-provider)
- [fpd](https://github.com/babylonchain/finality-provider)

## Creation & Export of Finality provider

> - Start by creating the finality provider config, this config is needed to define the `[dbconfig]` where it is set the path and database configurations

Reviewer: Do we need to use bullets here? Why not just a sequence of sentences?

```shell

> $~ fpd init --home ./phase-1/fpd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ fpd init --home ./phase-1/fpd
```

Same for others.

We should also show sample outputs of commands and explain what the CLI flags are.

```

> - The finality provider need a private and public key on the consumer chain, in this case `babylon`, for creating a key run the following.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The finality provider requires a key pair on the PoS chain it aims to secure. The chain is identified by its chain ID.
```

Also explanation on the other CLI flags.

```shell
$~ fpd keys add finality-provider --home ./phase-1/fpd --chain-id babylon-1 --key-name finality-provider
```

> - Each finality provider needs to provide public randomness, for generating and managing such a thing the eots is used. Start by initiating the config file of eots with:

Reviewer: > for generating and managing such a thing the eots is used. 

Don't get what this means.

Below we explain how we set up the EOTS manager. We can write a sentence about what it is and why it is needed and explain that operations on it happen through the `eotsd` executable.

```shell
$~ eotsd init --home ./phase-1/eots
```

> - In another terminal, start the eots manager daemon.

Reviewer: Why do we need the eots manager daemon to be operational? Ideally we should be able to do this in just CLI mode without the need to run daemons.

Author: We could connect to the eots database directly from the fpcli, but that could be a bit messy and couple a lot the code packages

```shell
$~ eotsd start --home ./phase-1/eots
```

> - On this phase no babylon or consumer chain is not running, so it is not possible to register the finality provider onchain, but for BTC delegations to choose your finality provider

Reviewer: I don't think we need to provide this information. This document is on creating the finality provider information and exporting it.

for staking their BTC, there is a need to get information about you, so the solution is to export the finality provider information with the following CLI:

```shell

> $~ fpcli p1-export-finality-provider --home ./phase-1/fpd --key-name finality-provider --chain-id babylon-1 --commission 0.05 --moniker my-fp-nickname --identity anyIdentity --website www.my-public-available-website.com --security-contact email-for-questions@gmail.com --details 'other overall info'

Reviewer: This is a very long command, let's split it in multiple lines.
